hi my name is adria and i'm one of the
professional jugglers here at
expertvillage.com this is the knife
juggling video and I'm teaching knife
patterns we're going to learn three
nights' splits as a gentle reminder very
gentle whoo we're going back to the
beanbags it's a variation of the one up
two up combination to our next to each
other one is separate this would be a
3-ball split leading with the right
this would be a 3-ball split leading
with the left now we're going to do the
same thing with knives now how does one
get started on this you ask there's a
slight lag time in the pattern because
your left hand is only juggling one
that's going up the right hand is doing
too so you start with a cascade then
there's a lag time your left hand holds
the object for beat while the first
throw goes and then it nearly joins the
right hand throw for the outside throw
or the inside ball we're going to do the
same thing with knives we're going to
start with a cascade hold the left and
there you have that was right hand three
nice split one more time starting with
the Cascade hold three nice splits and
now and now it dropped and now we'll do
it with the left hand and again one more
time
and one time without messing up here we
go yeah three nice splits
you